Our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee & Money-Back Promise
We want the investment in me to be an absolute no-brainer for you – if you’re actually going to do the work 😉

If for whatever reason you aren’t 100% happy with your experience, drop us an email and we’ll happily refund your entire payment.




We know that some people might not be able to afford PTYA and we don’t want the price to exclude individuals who are passionate about successfully growing their YouTube channel.


That’s why we’re offering some scholarship options to individuals who can show an enthusiasm and passion for growing their channel and who’d benefit from a mentorship.


To apply, please answer ALL the questions in this form.


Attach a link to an Unlisted YouTube video – NO LONGER than 2 minutes in length – introducing yourself, explaining why you’d benefit from the course, why you’re applying for a scholarship, and finally what your goals and aspirations are for your channel.


Applications which don’t answer all the questions, or which provide a video longer than 2 minutes, won’t be considered.


Feel free to submit your application here.


Thanks and good luck!


(Please make sure your application video is ‘Unlisted’ rather than ‘Private’ otherwise we won’t be able to see it!)

My Simple 3 Step YouTube Framework To Gain 10,000 Subscribers in 100 Days






So many FAKE GURUS hide behind others success, BUT starting in 2024 I wanted to walk the walk, to prove my SIMPLE 3 step formula works



So over the last 3 years, I’ve learned a lot about what it takes to build an audience from scratch, provide value consistently, and monetise in a non-spammy way.

I’ve spent thousands of hours, and over $100,000 in courses and coaching programs to try and find the secret sauce that helps grow a channel and a business.

And while I’ve learned a hell of a lot of things (more on that later), the biggest thing I’ve learned is this:

There’s no secret to building a life-changing YouTube channel.
It’s just a matter of:
Creating videos that people want to click on.
Posting them on YouTube at least once a wee
Repeating this for at least 2 years
That’s all it takes.


I personally guarantee that if you follow this 3-part formula, your life will change in ways you can’t imagine.

You’ll learn incredibly useful skills, you’ll make friends with amazing people from all over the world and you’ll start to generate ‘passive’ income. You might even get messages from people about how your videos have changed their lives 😳

It seems simple in theory, but the execution is slightly more difficult.


Enrol Now for $995
