Questions?
Still not sure or just want to chat?
Contact us at support@aliabdaal.com
If you’ve got any questions about the Academy, or need a hand with anything else, we’re just an email away. Drop us a we’ll and we’ll do our best to help 😊


Video:


Welcome! 

If you’re watching this, you probably want to learn more about YouTube, and whether you’re a beginner, intermediate, advanced, or simply a business owner looking to start out, my names Luke, I can help you. 

I’ve been learning from, and working with, some of the biggest YouTubers in the macroeconomic space since 2021, helping them grow…
Then, to prove that I could walk the walk, and my strategies could work for anyone, I started making YouTube videos more regularly myself at the beginning of 2024, and have since grown 2 different YouTube channels from 0 to 15,000 subscribers in under 12 months, all while juggling the 15 clients I consult for, and travelling to over 20 different cities, and filming in shitty air BNBs like this one with no expensive microphone, professional camera, and…

To be frank, some cheap, cost effective editing

Once you know the secrets of the YouTube Algorithm… it matters less what your backdrop looks like, and more about the message you deliver. 

I was lucky enough to learn these secrets and become obsessed with Youtube while working with one of the best in the business, Mark Moss.

For 2 years, between 2021 and 2022 I was fortunate enough to be hand-trained to write newsletters, emails, funnel campaigns, YouTube scripts, and everything related to YouTube and marketing.
I was lucky enough to get a behind-the-scenes masterclass on how to build and manage a social media presence, from someone who has built 8 seven figure companies, and has over 450,000 subscribers on YouTube, and over 120,000 followers on Twitter. 
Annnnddd I even got to meet some cool people like Mike Tyson…(Find video)

The takeaway from my experience in those 2 years is actually pretty simple…

YouTube only cares about 3 simple things.

Does someone CLICK on the video
How much do they watch?
Will they watch more of your content?

If it’s that simple, doesn’t everyone do this?

This couldn’t possibly work could it?

Obviously there’s a little more to it that just this as you guys will see, but overall, it’s not that hard. 

Now I wish I had someone who taught me this when I was starting out.

So I’m going to condense down my 4 years of learning into 30 minutes of videos
